hello now we are here at gosee bike
systems at the trade fair stand
the neon the new on- board computer from bosch
we'll get closer to you soon
imagine
Let's go to the others
stations through performance line
We show you shifting and active life
just briefly here what to see
and on the whole details we go
later in an article 1 resp
will be a lot to the past as well
written about it
such a big topic since 2005 10 to in
the integrated circuits too
called shifting here we have
automatic circuits of shimano and
there vinci the quasi about the on- board computer
innovia can be controlled and
thereby automate the switching process
the new Bosch computer with bosch
to see a lot of new features here
we have essentially the
line function where we like data
speed supplied power
self-kicked power battery
reach average speed
et cetera get displayed and then
it continues with the
navigation function yes, you have yourself
together with the stop map service
built a navigation
In addition, there is a fitness
Function where you have your own training
level can control and expand
the whole together with the
online platform connect the way as well
on smartphone with corresponding app
Details also in the corresponding
Item entered digit